How much does the weekday campus shuttle for non-affiliates cost?
Which year did Raluca Ada Popa receive the Grace Murray Hopper Award?
Can a non-Berkeley faculty member serve on Qual committee?
Is Judy Smithson the Dean of EECS department?
What is the phone number of the EE division?
Which fellowship did Dan Klein receive in 2007?
How many undergraduate students are enrolled in EECS?
How long is the 5th years Masters programs in EECS?
Can international students apply for the Symantec Fellowship?
Who is the media contact for the EECS department?
How many people were awarded the 2025 Distinguish EECS Alumni Award?
How long does a room reservation remain valid after the scheduled start time, before it is considered a no-show?
What activity inspired EECS graduate Xinyun Chen to choose to major in computer science?
What capacity is listed for the Wozniak Lounge (430-438 Soda)?
One of the first winners of the Godel Prize were from Berkeley. Who were they?
What are the in-person drop-in advising hours for EECS?
Which gift did attendees of the kickoff event for Berkeley EECS Women's History Month in 2019 receive?
What's the minimum major credit (200-level courses) for CS PhD graduation?
What does WICSE stand for?
What is the course number for the graduate-level class that covers micromachining and microfabrication techniques, including MEMS fabrication, multi-domain analysis, and sensing and transduction mechanisms?
Will Sophia Shao teach EE 194 in Fall 2026?
Who's the finalist for CRA Outstanding Undergraduate Researcher Award in EECS in 2026
What's the first step to complete for your dissertation talk for EECS PhD?
How many faculty members do you need in your Quals committee?
Which Berkeley EECS professor won the ACM A.M. Turing Award in 2017?
How many courses is Venkat Anantharam slated to teach in the academic year 2026-2027?
Who was hired by the EE department in 1946?
Which Berkeley EECS professor was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2025?
In which year did Pieter Abbeel receive the Sloan Fellowship?
Name one ACM Dissertation Award winner from UC Berkeley Alumni?
If you've applied for access and your card key isn’t working, which form should you submit in EECS website?
Who gave the EECS colloquium on December 10, 2025
What was the theme of the first BEARS symposium?
Which Berkeley EECS alumnus is a Managing Partner of Acorn Campus Ventures?
What was the title of the thesis of the first Black student in Berkeley's Electrical Engineering program?
What is the course number for the undergrad-level class that covers computer security topics such as cryptography, operating system security, network security, and software security?
Who is the CS student advisor?
Which EECS graduate student was awarded a 2025 Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowship for New Americans?
Who was the earliest-born professor at UC Berkeley?
Who are the advisors of the 2024 EECS thesis on learning to design and engineer proteins from evolution?
When is the deadline for the nomination of the outstanding TA awards?
Which university did Pieter Abbeel do his masters degree from?
Where did Dan Klein get his PhD?
How many EE courses is Kristofer Pister teaching in Spring 2027?
How many minor credits do PhD students have to take?
At which year was RISELab established?
The first Black student to study and receive a BS in Electrical Engineering from Cal worked at which engineering firm for twenty years?
Who earned a PHD in 1935?
How many upper-division units do CS undergrad students need to complete in order to graduate?
Since which year has Berkeley EECS archived technical reports by its faculty?
What hall is the CS department mainly in?
In what year was the earliest-born professor at UC Berkeley born?
Which year did Jelani Nelson receive the ACM Eugene L. Lawler Award?
What percentage of undergraduate students in the department are international students?
What percentage of graduate students in the department are international students?
What was the name of the professor who was born in 1941 and passed away in 2025?
Can you file dissertation in summer without registering?
Is signal processing part of the content of the course CS 70?
What is the email of Eric Brewer?
In what year were the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science departments merged to form the EECS department at UC Berkeley?
How many units is CS 61A?
Who was the first tenured Black professor in the University of California system?
Who was awarded the EE distinguished alumni award in 2021?
What hall is the CS division?
Which Berkeley EECS professors won the 2022 Bakar Fellows Spark Award?
If I'm a new faculty member, whom should I reach out regarding my startup funds?
Which Berkeley EECS professor won the ISMRM Gold Medal in 2025?
How many students did Thomas Courtade graduate?
What year did Ken Golberg complete his PhD?
What is the main goal of the Heaven Point Formula?
What is the title of the paper Ion Stoica published in February 2003?
How many breadth areas must CS PhD students complete?
How many ACM A.M. Turing Award winners are listed among distinguished EE/CS alumni on the EECS site?
How many units is the course Introduction to Optical Engineering?
When did the current Chair of the EE Division join UC Berkeley?
Which artist created a monument to honor the one of the very first tenured Black professors at UC Berkeley?
What is the office number for Aditya Parameswaran?
Which Berkeley EECS professor led the development of the SPICE circuit simulator in the 1970s?
How many credits is the RL course at Berkeley?
Who teaches CS 274 Computational Geometry in Spring 2026?
Is the application deadline for Master of Engineering (M.Eng.) in May?
Where did Jason Lee get his PhD from?
What room is CS 288 in Spring 2026?
What floor of Soda is the SLICE Lab on?
How long do you need to have lived in CA to establish residency (per EECS guidance)?
What is the location of Venkatesan Guruswami's course this semester?
What percentage of graduate students in the department are California residents?
What cannot be included in GPA calculation for prelim eligibility?
Does UC Berkeley take PhD admits during all semesters?
At what time to Cory and Soda hall close?
How many CS courses are offered at the 294 level in Spring 2026?
Is Trevor Darrell affiliated with BAIR?
When did John Canny win the Okawa Research Grant?
How many research oriented graduate programs does EECS Berkeley have?
What is UC Berkeley’s CS ranking according to the QS World University Rankings?
Which lab preceded the RISE Lab at Berkeley?
How long ago did Jitendra Malik do his PhD?
When may the Woz Lounge NOT be booked (weekdays)?
Who is the author of the paper "Fuzzy Algorithms"?
What is the phone number for the building manager of Cory Hall?
